---
title: 'V2 Release Notes'
date: '2023-02-26'
lastmod: '2023-02-26'
tags: ['about', 'development', 'web', 'react', 'nextjs']
draft: false
summary: 'All new features added to this website!'
images: ['/static/images/ocean.jpg']
authors: ['default']
---

## Just a quick list of customizations I've made plus planned future releases.

- Header.
  - Removed the logo.
  - Replaced "Tags" with "Home".
- Homepage
  - Removed the "latest" feature.
  - Added a clean home page design ith animated sumamries and links.
- Cleaned up the footer and made the social icon links larger.
- Blog
  - Added a filter button for tags.
  - Added "#" symbol whenever tags are displayed.
  - Added arrows for pagination.
- Added my own information for author and the "About" tab.

## V2 Feature Wish List

- Create and add a personal logo in the header.
- Add an animated name color change feature. (tentative)
- Add animated page transitions.
- Add filled out menu buttons upon hover.
- Add a background gradient theme.
  - Possibly animate that as well.
- Change the sidebar to be glassmorphic.
- Change the menu bar to be glassmorphic upon scroll.
- Add Calendly integration.
- Set up commenting feature.
- Add "Read More" button in the blog layout.

## V3 Feature Wish List

- Add animated page transitions.
- For sticky links in the blog, change the color of the link based on the scroll level.
- Code smells have developed. A complete code refactor would be required.
- Need to upgrade to React 18 and Next 13.
- View count of page.
- Number of words on page.
- Time to read an article.
- Enable Google Analytics in-general.

### Stay Tuned!
